README.md, before:

# Build instructions

NB: There is a development mode which is backed by sqlite. Depending on what
you're planning, this might well be suitable and much simpler.

## Installing dependencies (on OSX)

```sh
brew install zookeeper
export CPATH=$(brew --prefix zookeeper)/include:$CPATH
```

## Installing dependencies on debian / ubuntu

```sh
sudo apt-get install libzookeeper-mt-dev
```

## Building Stronghold

```sh
stack build
```

# Initial setup

## Configuring zookeeper

Here is a basic local zk config: https://gist.github.com/DanielWaterworth/6ab8d009e6d8e7bfa600

## Stronghold initial setup

To initialize the state in zookeeper.

```sh
stack exec wipe -- localhost:2181
```

# Invocation

```sh
stronghold <port> <zk address>
```

Running locally, you'll probably want:

```sh
stack exec stronghold -- 5040 localhost:2181
```

or

```sh
foreman start
```

There's also a development mode that uses SQLite for storage instead of zookeeper:

```sh
stack exec stronghold -- development 5040 ./data.db
```

Commit message:

Mention that zookeeper is always required in README

README.md, after:

# Build instructions

NB: There is a development mode which is backed by sqlite. This is likely to be
simpler. You must still install the zookeeper dependency in order for it to
compile.

## Installing dependencies (on OSX)

```sh
brew install zookeeper
export CPATH=$(brew --prefix zookeeper)/include:$CPATH
```

## Installing dependencies on debian / ubuntu

```sh
sudo apt-get install libzookeeper-mt-dev
```

## Building Stronghold

```sh
stack build
```

# Initial setup

## Configuring zookeeper

Here is a basic local zk config: https://gist.github.com/DanielWaterworth/6ab8d009e6d8e7bfa600

## Stronghold initial setup

To initialize the state in zookeeper.

```sh
stack exec wipe -- localhost:2181
```

# Invocation

```sh
stronghold <port> <zk address>
```

Running locally, you'll probably want:

```sh
stack exec stronghold -- 5040 localhost:2181
```

or

```sh
foreman start
```

There's also a development mode that uses SQLite for storage instead of zookeeper:

```sh
stack exec stronghold -- development 5040 ./data.db
```
